 Hercules stepped into the grand arena, cheers erupting from the packed stands. As he waved to the adoring crowds, a strange figure caught his eye across the colosseum floor - a small, yellow, sponge-like creature wearing a white shirt, black tie, and brown pants. Hercules was baffled as to why such an unimposing being would be in the arena. The sponge jauntily bounced up to him. "I'm SpongeBob SquarePants and I'm here to challenge you!" he declared gleefully. Hercules scratched his head in confusion. It appeared an epic clash was unfolding, though not one he ever could have predicted.
---
SpongeBob leapt towards Hercules, inflating his body like a balloon and bouncing harmlessly off the hero's muscular chest. Hercules stood dumbfounded as the sponge ricocheted wildly around the arena with a *sproing* *sproing* sound. 

"Is this some kind of joke?" Hercules wondered. He effortlessly snatched SpongeBob out of the air and squeezed him in his mighty fist. But instead of crushing him, the sponge simply oozed between his fingers, retaining his shape. 

"Ha ha! You can't hurt me, I'm invincible!" SpongeBob declared. He then twisted and stretched his body into wild shapes like noodles and springs, defying all natural laws. The crowd roared in disbelief at the absurd spectacle unfolding before them.

Meanwhile Hercules flexed, the very picture of physical perfection and brute strength. Next to the silly, physics-defying sponge, he seemed boringly normal. It was clear that while one fighter possessed raw power, the other had strange, cartoonish abilities beyond comprehension. An epic clash was brewing after all.
---
Hercules decided brute force was the only way to deal with the absurdity facing him. He began hurling spears, javelins, and even the giant stone columns encircling the arena at SpongeBob, but each projectile simply passed through the sponge's porous body. 

"You gotta try harder than that!" SpongeBob teased. He then sucked in air to inflate himself like a bouncing ball and began ricocheting wildly around Hercules. The hero swung and swiped at him, but his fist only glanced off SpongeBob's squishy surface each time.

Getting desperate, Hercules grabbed a war hammer and hurled it straight down with all his might. But SpongeBob simply split his body in two, allowing the hammer to pass between him before re-forming. The crowd was in stitches at the spectacle. 

Hercules was dismayed. His legendary strength and combat techniques were no match for SpongeBob's absurd invulnerability. As he stood puzzled, SpongeBob decided to take the offensive. "Have some karate!" he yelled, morphing his spongy body into bizarre shapes and hurtling himself at Hercules in a series of ridiculous, harmless attacks. The epic clash was shaping up to be more farcical than legendary!
---
Hercules was panting now, his energy sapped from fruitlessly attacking the bizarre sponge creature. He had pummeled SpongeBob with boulders, columns, weapons of all kinds, even his own fists. But each time SpongeBob simply reformed himself, no worse for the wear. 

"Why...won't...you...go...down?!" Hercules bellowed in frustration. He sprinted at SpongeBob, punching him rapidly with enough force to shatter stone. Yet the sponge absorbed each blow, his body denting grotesquely before popping back into shape.

"Is that all you got?" SpongeBob giggled. Infuriated, Hercules wound up his mighty fist for one last desperate punch. He struck with the force of a meteor...yet SpongeBob merely cushioned the impact. 

"Ha! Nice try!" he said. Before Hercules could react, SpongeBob spread his pores and launched a flurry of bubbles. The bubbles swarmed Hercules, blocking his vision and disorienting him completely. 

Hercules swatted at the air in confusion. He was the strongest being who ever lived, yet this seemingly fragile sea creature was unmatched. By now the crowd was united in raucous laughter at the unorthodox battle. Hercules was learning the hard way that brute strength meant nothing to an opponent that could absorb any blow.
---
Hercules was frothing with rage now, his pride deeply wounded by his inability to make a dent against this ridiculous foe. He began swinging wildly and recklessly, putting all his prodigious might behind each punch and kick. But SpongeBob nimbly dodged or absorbed them all, continuing his own playful, harmless assaults against the flustered hero.

"Stand still, you impudent pest!" Hercules bellowed. Blind with frustration, he tackled SpongeBob and began pummeling him against the arena floor. Deep craters formed under the sponge's body, but he would simply ooze around Hercules' fists and reform each time. 

The crowd was hysterical now at the once-invincible hero futilely wailing on this supernatural sponge. In his rage, Hercules was tiring himself out while SpongeBob hadn't even broken a sweat. 

Seeing his opponent exhausted, SpongeBob went on the offensive. He stretched his legs to wrap around Hercules, then catapulted him across the arena into a stone column which cracked on impact. The legendary hero slumped down in defeat, unable to withstand the strange sponge's endless resilience. 

"Better luck next time!" SpongeBob chuckled, as the crowd crowned this absurd creature the unlikeliest victor in arena history.
---
SpongeBob was now gleefully bombarding the battered and bruised Hercules with an escalating series of absurd attacks. He twisted his porous body into impossible shapes, blasting the hero with bubbles, jets of jellyfish jelly, torrents of soap suds, and streams of condiments from the concessions stand. 

"Have some mustard!" SpongeBob yelled, squirting the yellow liquid all over Hercules' face. "And how about some nice chili flakes!" He dashed a barrage of spicy pepper flakes into the mustard, causing Hercules to bellow in pain, his eyes and nose burning.

Hercules attempted to counter attack, but slipped on a puddle of ketchup and careened face first into a giant patty SpongeBob conjured out of nowhere. As Hercules struggled to peel the giant bun off his face, SpongeBob produced a giant bubble wand and trapped the flustered hero inside an enormous, floating bubble. 

"Batter up!" the sponge laughed, smacking the bubble with a giant pickle. Hercules pinballed wildly around the arena amidst the crowd's raucous laughter before crashing dizzyingly to the ground when the bubble popped. 

Beaten, bruised, soaked, and thoroughly humiliated, Hercules had no choice but to admit defeat. SpongeBob's bizarre, unpredictable, and imaginative attacks had somehow prevailed against all odds. The sponge danced victoriously as the crowd chanted his name. It was the most absurd arena battle anyone had ever witnessed!
---
The chaotic battle began spilling over into every corner of the elaborate arena. SpongeBob ricocheted wildly through the stands, using his springy body to knock spectators' food and drinks onto the already battered Hercules. The hero slipped and stumbled blindly after him, falling victim to the sponge's creative traps.

SpongeBob stretched himself across two columns and snapped back like a slingshot, catapulting sand from the arena floor directly into Hercules' eyes. As Hercules bellowed in pain, SpongeBob appeared riding a lion from the zoo exhibit behind the stands. 

"Mush!" he yelled, steering the lion directly into the stumbling hero. Hercules crashed painfully through a weapons rack, becoming entangled in ropes and nets. Taking advantage of his opponent's predicament, SpongeBob bounced onto the giant gong used to signal the match's start and conclusion. 

"Time for the big finale!" he laughed. Producing two oversized drumsticks, he began furiously pounding the gong, sending visible shockwaves toward Hercules. The deafening, disorienting vibrations finally knocked the trapped hero unconscious. With a last resounding *GONG*, SpongeBob ended the epic clash as the crowd roared its approval.
---
Bruised, battered, and utterly bewildered, Hercules finally managed to grab hold of the hyperactive SpongeBob as he bounced past. Clutching him tightly in both fists, Hercules bellowed "I've got you now!" 

But as he squeezed his hands trying to crush his squishy foe, SpongeBob simply oozed out between his fingers once again. "Nice try, but I'm too smooshy!" he giggled. 

Hercules fell to his knees in exhaustion and frustration. As the crowd roared with laughter, he stared at his empty, sponge-soaked hands in disbelief. All his legendary strength and battle skills were useless against this bizarre, uncrushable creature.

"I just don't know how to stop you..." Hercules admitted bitterly. "But I can't let you defeat me again!" 

SpongeBob bounced sympathetically onto his shoulder. "Aw, don't take it so hard, big guy. I'm just zany and unpredictable! Maybe we should call it a draw before you get hurt."

Hercules' pride still burned, unwilling to accept a stalemate. But staring into SpongeBob's smiling, oblivious face, he realized no conventional combat technique would prevail here. With no idea how to decisively defeat this strange sponge, Hercules glumly admitted this was one epic clash he could not win.
---
As Hercules sat dejected, SpongeBob patted him on the back. "No hard feelings, friend! Now let's end this on a silly note!" He inflated his torso and twisted it into a makeshift trampoline. "Come bounce with me!" he offered. 

Too punch-drunk to argue anymore, Hercules reluctantly hopped onto the Sponge-Trampoline. But with his massive weight, his first bounce catapulted SpongeBob hundreds of feet into the air! The hero watched dumbfounded as the sponge shrank to a dot in the sky. 

"Ha! I knew that would fling him far away!" Hercules laughed. Finally he seemed to have the upper hand. But then came an odd splatting sound...

Hercules looked up to see SpongeBob reconstituting himself, having stretched his body to break the tremendous fall. Before Hercules could react, the sponge blew a deafening raspberry right in his ear. 

The hero yelped in shock, stumbling backwards...directly into the path of an incoming lion from the earlier zoo exhibit. He tripped over the big cat, landing face first in a spilled food cart, his muscular legs flailing in the air to the crowd's hysterical laughter. 

Hercules sighed, his pride now less important than stopping this unwinnable clash. "Truce?" he murmured through a mouthful of arena food. 

"Truce!" SpongeBob agreed merrily, as the two unlikely foes shared an exhausted embrace.
---
Just as the two combatants seemed ready for a truce, Hercules' competitive fury reignited. The legend would never accept defeat, even from an unbeatable foe. With a wrestler's roar, he lifted the entire arena floor SpongeBob was standing on, heaving it skyward like a massive stone pancake.

But SpongeBob nimbly leapt off just in time, bouncing from falling debris to falling debris like stairs. "Too slow, big guy!" He blew a wet raspberry directly into Hercules' ear before ricocheting out of reach again.  

Hercules responded by ripping an enormous pillar from the colosseum stands and swatting at SpongeBob like a baseball. The sponge laughed giddily as he stretched and twisted midair to avoid each thunderous swing. 

"Can't touch this!" SpongeBob taunted, before sucking in air and blasting a tornado of bubbles directly into Hercules' face. The pillar slammed down just short of the hero as he stumbled about blindly. 

Seizing this distraction, SpongeBob stretched his legs out and tied Hercules' ankles together, sending the muscleman toppling face-first to the arena floor. The sponge then grabbed a nearby rope and pretended to hog tie Hercules like an angry bull. 

"I got him now!" SpongeBob yelled to the ecstatic crowd, waving his hat wildly. But Hercules would not be beaten so easily. With an enraged roar, he burst free of the ropes and charged SpongeBob like a runaway locomotive. The epic clash thundered on!
---
Battered and exhausted, Hercules was using the last of his godly reserves to fling enormous boulders at the spritely SpongeBob. But the sponge nimbly dodged them all, frustrating Hercules to no end. 

"Hold still!" Hercules bellowed, hurling a final massive boulder with all his remaining might. SpongeBob waited until the last second before bouncing over it neatly...and revealed he had tied the boulder to a rope.

"Gotcha!" he laughed as the boulder swung back like a pendulum into the back of Hercules' knees. The hero collapsed to the ground with a deafening crash. 

Dazed, he looked up to see SpongeBob holding a comically oversized pencil, its tip aimed right at him. 

"And now for my greatest attack...doodle assault!" the sponge cried gleefully. 

Before Hercules could react, SpongeBob leapt into action, his pencil flying wildly across every inch of Hercules' body. The hero bellowed with confused outrage as a cartoonish mishmash of silly faces, sea creatures, and childish words were scribbled all over his skin.

The crowd roared with delight at seeing the legendary hero reduced to a nonsensical living doodle. Hercules stared at his hands in disbelief, now adorned with a confused octopus and the word "Pants!"

He looked up angrily, but SpongeBob simply waved and said, "Gotta use that imagination, buddy!" Hercules fainted dead away, the champion of champions hilariously defeated.
---
The crowd exploded into thunderous cheers and raucous laughter as the unconscious and thoroughly doodle-covered Hercules was hauled out of the arena. Above him stood SpongeBob, tiny and unassuming yet clearly the victor against all odds. As he waved happily to the adoring spectators, the announcer knelt before him.

"Hail SpongeBob, Master of the Arena!" the announcer bellowed. The crowd chanted SpongeBob's name as a laurel wreath was placed on his head. "Never before has our arena hosted such a shocking and hilarious display of unorthodox battling!"

SpongeBob blushed at the attention. "Aw shucks, I was just using my noodle," he said, shaping his head into spiral pasta. This sent the crowd into further hysterics. 

"All hail the champion of champions!" the announcer shouted. "The sponge who bested the most powerful being on Earth! Who knows what manner of mythic combatant will dare challenge him next?!"

The crowd roared their approval. After such an absurd and delightful clash, no one could ever look at their arena the same way again. SpongeBob bounced happily around the adoring fans, realizing that imagination and comedy would always prevail, even against the greatest heroes. He was the zany, invincible master here...and no one was surprised.
---